We will use simple HTML, CSS, and make all the components work using basic JavaScript functions. To display buttons and numbers, we will use HTML, and add some beautification to them using CSS. To make the buttons perform the respective functions we will use JavaScript. The main function is eval(), which is a global JS function that solves JS codes. The display() function will display the selected number on the calculator screen. Note that the program will work only for mouse events.

Question Rewritten:
We are going to build a calculator.  We will use HTML and JavaScript.  The calculator will have buttons from 0 - 9, +, -, *, ., / and an =.  We will use the javascript eval() function to calculate the result of the equation.  We will create a display function that will output the result of the equation to the screen of the calculator.  This can be improved later on to output the curently typed in number.  The program only needs to work for mouse events.

Question Breakdown:
The eval() function takes in an expresion and evaluates the result of that expresion.  So we put in "2 + 2" it will return 4.  If we put in "new String("test")"it will return a new string object with test as it's value.  We can use this to evaluate all of the calculator expressions.

Need:
    JavaScript:
        Variables
            Global Variabels
                expression, will hold the current expression
                display, holds a reference to the display element of the page

        Functions
            onclick event for 0
            onclick event for 1
            onclick event for 2
            onclick event for 3
            onclick event for 4
            onclick event for 5:
                This function will add 5 to the expresion
            onclick event for 6
            onclick event for 7
            onclick event for 8
            onclick event for 9
            onclick event for +
            onclick event for -
            onclick event for *
            onclick event for /
            onclick event for .
            onclick event for =:
                use the eval() function to get the value of the expression
                send this to the display function
                sets expresion to an empty string
            display:
                takes in a string
                returns void
                sets the innerHTML of the display element to the string that is passed to it.

    HTML:
        elements:
            display, paragraph
            div 4 paragraph tags
            div 4 paragraph tags
            div 4 paragraph tags
            div 4 paragraph tags

            


Use Case:
1.  User enters 5+5 and wants to get 10 returned.

    Result:
    The screen shows 10

    Steps:
    User presses the 5 button:
        The onclick event for the five button is triggered.
        The function is called
        This function will add 5 to the expresion

    User presses the + button:
    User presses the 5 button:
    User presses the = button:
        The onclick event for the five button is triggered.
        The equals function is called
        The display function is called
    The screen shows 10

